update v1.8 docs to reflect new workflow for consuming vgpudevices (#1018)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/vgpusupport.md

  After you select the first profile, the NVIDIA driver automatically configures the profiles available for the remaining vGPUs.
  :::

5. Attach the vGPU to a new or existing VM.

  ![](/img/v1.8/advanced/vgpu-pcidevice.png)

  :::info important
  As of Harvester v1.8.0, vGPU's can only be passed through as normal PCIDevices. 
  

>   When a VGPUDevice is configured, the associated PCIDevice passthrough is also enabled. Users will now need to passthrough the PCIDevice with same name as vGPUDevice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When a vGPU device is configured, the associated PCI device passthrough is also enabled. Users will now need to passthrough the PCI device with same name as vGPU device.
```

>   For existing VM's with vGPUs, post upgrade, when VM's are started, the VM spec will be updated to reflect the new behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For existing VM's with vGPUs, post upgrade, when VM's are started, the VM spec will be automatically updated to reflect the new behaviour.
```
